what time is it
it's just after eight oh no don't worry
oh do i look good you look terrific
now tell me about this date will you
have
a nice little table for two i think
chan is also asking two of his friends
oh the more the merrier
what will you eat it's an indian
restaurant
i'll probably order a curry delicious
i adore indian cooking do you
do you recommend i try anything special
why don't you try a biryani what is a
biryani exactly
it's a fabulous rice dish
it's a bit similar to your spanish
paella
that sounds good and
will you have something to drink i'd
like some wine tonight
do you like white or red wine it depends
on the curry
very sensible
now don't drink too much no no i won't
i'll only have one or two glasses
oh i'm nervous for the time don't be
nervous about
the time you have loads of time
let's see oh my heavens
8 10. i'm going to be late no you're not
i will call the very nice mini-cab and
he will be here in no time
hello yes good evening
yes this is agatha johnson here
fine thank you
how are you glad to hear it
yes can you send one of your best
drivers
that's right chesworth gardens number
seven
ask him to ring the bell how long will
it be
okay thanks good evening
how long will it be she says the cab
will be here in five minutes
you look like a model thanks
uh how much do you think the cab fare
will be
probably around 10 quid
quit oh pounds do you have enough money
with you
yes thanks good oh there he is now
okay bye see you night night have a good
time
harold oh i miss you
at last you had a long sleep
yes what's the time it's almost
12 30.
it is so nice to sleep yes
and what about last night tell me
everything
there were four of us john his friend
jerry and jerry's girlfriend kate
oh is kate nice yes she's
very nice very funny she's at
nursing school oh how old is she
she is 20. and
what about your dinner i like
indian food it is very
[Music]
how do you say this like yes spicy
yes indian food can be hot and
spicy and we had some
white wine from canned white wine
with gas sparkling wine
oh yes england does have some very
good sparkling wines jerry and kate
only speak english that's good practice
for you
yes but it's very difficult and very
tiring
well you see we have coffee huh
i need to ask your opinion about
something yes
harold says i should get a job too
you want a job well it gets lonely here
during the day victor and you are both
at school
you have a fun job at the video store oh
you want to work at the video store too
no
i want to work as a sales
person selling accessories and and
clothes
oh you're good at that you think so yes
will you work in a boutique no i'd like
to work in a big store
a department store oh see
i'm a good shopper i think i'll be a
good
seller too you will be excellent help me
practice my sales pitch
before you leave for work and before
victor gets home
what time does victor get home he should
be back around
six okay this is the company i'm going
to apply to
churchills they sell very nice women's
clothing
and i should get a big discount myself
can i help you madam
um no thanks i'm just looking
why don't you try on this dress
it suits you it is a pretty dress
but it's too big oh madam
we have it in smaller sizes
do you have it in another color it comes
in blue
green and pink how much is it
madam it's on sale it's only 42 pounds
okay i'll take it very good choice madam
see you're a natural sales person i'm
going to apply at churchill's tomorrow
oh okay don't say anything to victor no
i won't
i want to surprise him okay
hello hello
how are your classes good thank you how
is your art school
oh it's okay i had a test today a test
a test in art history that's interesting
what about me what about my day
oh aggie dear how was your day
betty take you shopping no actually
no shopping no shopping
what on earth happened i got a job
where when doing what
how when do you start
i start the day after tomorrow i'm
working 10 till 5
monday to friday congratulations
mr james is my supervisor very nice man
a real gentleman
where are you working churchill's off st
james park
i'm a sales assistant in the ladies
department
well that's handy you can take the
circle line
does harold know it was his idea
is this a permanent job i'm working over
the christmas period
they need more staff mr james says
perhaps i can stay on after the holidays
good what are your plans for the
holidays elena
will you spend christmas with us yes
please elena
i'd love to but my classes finish on the
21st
well i have christmas day and boxing day
off
i'll cook a turkey that is very kind but
my
return ticket is for the 23rd
it just seems so soon oh
dear perhaps the weather will be bad
london is famous for its fog maybe your
flight home will be delayed or or
cancelled
they could close the airport you simply
can't go
agatha elaine is here for eight weeks
i'm not going yet well we'll see
victor what about your classes uh we
finish up this year on december 21st
after my final exams
what day of the week is new year's eve
it's monday this year
oh it's so sad
everything ends
[Applause]
let's take a photo of elena oh
elena and victor together oh agatha
smiles
can i take a photo of you agatha oh dear
no oh please
okay thank you
what are your plans for today elena uh i
only have two classes before lunch then
i'm free all afternoon
oh you are lucky don't you like your job
like it i adore it
mr james says i'm his best sales
assistant
and what will you do with your afternoon
there's a fantastic kubrick festival on
2001 a space odyssey is playing at the
odeon multiplex
where is the odeon it's on tottenham
court road
that's a brilliant film i adore roddy
mcdowell
you mean malcolm mcdowell and he's not
in 2001.
the star is kier daley exactly he's such
a
doll what kind of movie is it
it's science fiction now you must see it
do you know what time the shows are
no but we can look in the paper
there are shows at 1 35
3 45 and 5 55
is it a long film it runs uh 160 minutes
yes nearly three hours what time do you
finish class
at 12 30 well you could make the show at
1 35
yes but i need to go to the bank today
too i have my first paycheck
ah you need to cash your check
yes and i want to send some money home
too
it's my little brother's birthday next
week
well you should be able to make the
banks before they close at five
just go to the nearest bank to the
cinema
okay and don't forget to bring your
passport you'll need it for
identification
you'll need to fill in a money transfer
are you taking elena to the movies
no agatha i'm studying for my final exam
enjoy yourself
thank you i will yes enjoy your movie
i'm also going to send some money home i
got my
first paycheck yesterday oh wonderful
what's the exchange rate for pounds to
pesos uh spain has euro currency
of course you do how silly of me have a
good day
thanks
[Laughter]
yes mr charles this is elena fuentes
yes the teacup
is it ready okay
i'll pick it up in the afternoon
thanks bye bye
elena help there is a big problem what's
wrong
that teacup yes
that horrible ugly tea set
but i uh betty gave it to me as a
birthday present
i hate that tea set you do i had hoped
it was disappearing
yesterday one of the cups was missing
yes and now
today the teacup is back
elena sweetie are you okay
oh the bathroom what about the bathroom
there's a lot of water
on the floor
hi hi are you all right
i have a headache and a stomachache
oh you poor girl maybe you have the flu
victor what did you ask elena
did she say no stop it aggie elena isn't
well
what's wrong
oh my poor darling you feel hot
she has a slight temperature she says
she has stomach aches too
she needs to lie down
uh maybe i'll go to the chemists and get
something for her headache
yes good idea okay and when you get back
you can fix the bathroom
what's the matter with the bathroom
there's a leak under the sink
a big leak oh no i turned off the water
okay i'll be back soon
i'll make some tea
agatha yes betty's ugly teacup
is back i know it's strange isn't it
hmm victor and elena
victor and lala
malika amira
falinca michao
how are you feeling today oh much better
thank you
i'm so glad um who are these girls
which girls elena the girls in the book
oh them girls we know
she's a good friend of mine her name is
lala
lala yes you didn't hear about lala
she's turkish no i don't think so
lala stayed with us last year for a
couple of months
and where is lala now lala's back in
turkey
she has a nice little flat in the center
of ankara
oh and she's malika she's swedish
oh and what does malika do malika
is an airline hostess now lovely girl
she has gorgeous blonde hair and the
bluest eyes
the bathroom sink is okay for now but we
really should call a plumber
oh
that's agatha's almost album
sorry agatha invites foreign students to
stay here and then tries to marry them
off to me
it's her biggest project right egging
well it would be nice
don't worry elena i promise you they're
all still living
of course of course they are
good morning morning good morning
so is it okay to visit you at work that
would be
lovely i can show you the new scarf
collection
oh are there any left you didn't buy
them all oh don't be silly
i only have three or four is churchill's
a very big store
yes it's a huge it's one of the oldest
in london
it's got five floors and anyway
i'd be crazy not to use my staff
discount
of course you would do you have a break
in the afternoon
i have a tea break at three why don't
you come a half hour before 2 30
yes and i can show you around my
department
where is the ladies department on the
fourth floor
just take the lift and walk through
children's wear
okay can i buy you a cup of tea oh yes
let's go to churchill's tea room in the
basement
we have the yummiest cream cakes
what else do they sell in churchills
perfume jewelry menswear
we've got household goods and
electronical appliances
books and toys there's a
large furniture selection on the top
floor and we also carry
electronic equipment
well uh ladies have a nice day thanks
you too
wait it's today tuesday yes it is oh
dear
i have to be at work early today mr
james
asked me to help out in the children's
shoe department
good i need to buy some children's shoes
who for my niece mercedes
how old is she she's 12. uh-huh and what
size
shoe does she take um she's a spanish 36
i think that's a three here okay oh that
will be fun to choose shoes for her
what colors does maria like mercedes
wears a lot of pink pink
oh she's still a little girl agatha
you need to be at work early today don't
you yes i must go
okay bye i'll see you later
subscribe and subscription remember to
subscribe to our youtube channel
oh sorry remember to subscribe to our
channel
uh i think we should get an annual
subscription to the times
machine and mechanic i'm gonna buy
a washing machine next month and my
girlfriend's father
is a car mechanic
social and society
facebook is the most popular social
network in my country
i believe that everyone wants to live in
an equal
society geography
and geographical geography is my
favorite subject
his geographical knowledge is really
good
knowledge remember g g e
g knowledge uh last one
diary and dairy she has been keeping a
diary since you were 16
and if you want to lose weight you
should eat less
dairy should number one
you should to the bed early
shoot is a motorboat so after that we
should use
go or going of course that is
go the base form of the verb that means
an infinitive without two so
you should go to bed early
go to bed early that means to go to
sleep early
okay you should go to bed early
i think go to bed going to bed early is
good for your health so you should go to
bed early
number two i think
think we should take
taking or take him to the hospital
now after shoot so what is correct
taking or take of course that is
tech okay remember base form of the verb
infinitive without you should
and then take i think we
should take him to the hospital
her dad should stop scolding her
if you scold if you scold
a person that means you speak
angrily to that person
um because that person has done
something wrong
shouldn't now shouldn't
is actually should not but the native
speakers
don't usually use should not
they use shouldn't instead
shouldn't and
after shouldn't is the infinitive
without to
that means the base form of the verb you
can say
should and then the verb or shouldn't
shouldn't should then or should not and
then the verb based on the verb
we shouldn't go right now it's
raining you shouldn't be late for the
interview
your daughter shouldn't eat
too much fast food
now for shoot when we can use shoot
to ask a question
number one should i if you
begin the question which should i
that means you are asking somebody like
uh is that a good idea for me to do so
should i quit or quit
my job here
so now we use quit
or quits of course should i
quit my job that means do you think
that is a good idea to quit my job
should i quit my job where should we go
to buy the coffee table what should i do
now
how do you go to work i usually go to
work by bus do you usually
travel by train yes i do
yes i do oh yes i do i
love traveling by train
no i don't i usually travel by
taxi can i take the subway to the
airport from here
i think you can't or i think you can't
because there's no subway station around
here
yes of course go straight for five
minutes
you will see a subway station on your
left
do you prefer traveling by plane or by
train i prefer traveling by plane